Breeze
Do you really think I can't deal with you?
Or else?
What if you have my evidence in your hands?
What can you do if you keep your back
As long as you die
No one knows
You have to know kill me
You have to face the consequences.
I didn't mean to kill you.
You are courting death
Since you are courting death
Then I'll send it to you.
Lord Wu Xiaguan Zai
Dragged out and chopped
Yes
Come and look up
What are you doing?
Let go of me let go of me
You will regret it
mere ant
Let go of me and dare to threaten me
court death
Remember
Handle it cleanly
Don't let anyone find out
Ma Xiao is a lower official
It must be handled cleanly.
It seems that the father was right
This striker must not be lost
But what's the good news?
Can make him so fearless
What is the decree?